README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
I'm Shawn, a self-taught developer. I started out with Harvard's CS50 in 2019 and got hooked on programming ever since. I have mainly been exploring full stack web development and have also been dabbling in using SikuliX for scripting purposes at work. Welcome to my GitHub!

## Frequently Used Tools & Technology
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-JavaScript-purple?logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-React-purple?logo=react&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Git-purple?logo=git&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-VSCode-purple?logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

## Other Tools & Technology
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Ruby%20On%20Rails-purple?logo=ruby-on-rails&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Express-purple?logo=express&logoColor=white)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Ruby-purple?logo=ruby&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Java-purple?logo=java&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Python-purple?logo=python&logoColor=white)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/NoSQL-MongoDB-purple?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-MySQL-purple?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styling-CSS3-purple?logo=css3&logoColor=white)



<!--
**CodingShawn/CodingShawn** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Added information about pocket pharmacist

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
I'm Shawn, a self-taught developer. I started out with Harvard's CS50 in 2019 and got hooked on programming ever since. I have mainly been exploring full stack web development and have also been dabbling in using SikuliX for scripting purposes at work. Welcome to my GitHub!

## Projects

### Pocket Pharmacist

<img align='left' src='/assets/pocket-pharmacist.png' width='200"'>

A mobile-responsive webpage that allows users to search for information on Singapore registered therapeutic projects.

Built using React and Material-UI frameworks. Search results were presented using the [MUI-Datatables](https://github.com/gregnb/mui-datatables) library. Information was pulled using API calls to 
Listing of Registered Therapeutic Products dataset provided under the Singapore Open Data Licence.

[View Live](https://codingshawn.github.io/pocket-pharmacist/) [Source Code](https://github.com/CodingShawn/pocket-pharmacist)

## Frequently Used Tools & Technology
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-JavaScript-purple?logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-React-purple?logo=react&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Git-purple?logo=git&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-VSCode-purple?logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

## Other Tools & Technology
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Ruby%20On%20Rails-purple?logo=ruby-on-rails&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Express-purple?logo=express&logoColor=white)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Ruby-purple?logo=ruby&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Java-purple?logo=java&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Python-purple?logo=python&logoColor=white)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/NoSQL-MongoDB-purple?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-MySQL-purple?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styling-CSS3-purple?logo=css3&logoColor=white)



<!--
**CodingShawn/CodingShawn** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
